Added diagnose logs command (#2667)
kyma-project/cli: docs/user/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_diagnose_logs.md

# kyma alpha diagnose logs

> Aggregate error logs from pods belonging to enabled Kyma Modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregates error logs from Pods belonging to the added Kyma modules.
```

## Synopsis

> Some better long description

Reviewer: Can you provide some more details?

Author: sorry for that 😅 done

```bash
kyma alpha diagnose logs [flags]
```

## Flags

```text
  -f, --format string           Output format (possible values: json, yaml)

>       --lines int64             Max lines per container (default "200")

Reviewer 2: We don't know the priority between `--lines` and `--since`.
Shouldn't these flags be exclusive?

Author: Marked as exclusive
